[Monitor query] Troubleshooting guide for Support (#21136)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/monitor/monitor-query/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

    "error": {
      "code": "BadArgumentError",
      "message": "The request had some invalid properties",
      "innerError": {
        "code": "SyntaxError",
        "message": "A recognition error occurred in the query.",
        "innerError": {
          "code": "SYN0002",
          "message": "Query could not be parsed at 'string' on line [1,4]",
          "line": 1,
          "pos": 4,
          "token": "string"
        }
      },
      "correlationId": "611dc354-bb4e-442f-955c-7b9469ca7f84"
    }
  },
  "message": "The request had some invalid properties"
}
```

The error message may include the line number and position where the Kusto query has an error (line 2, position 244
in the above example). You may also refer to the [Kusto Query Language](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-explorer/kusto/query) reference docs to learn more about querying logs using KQL.

### Troubleshooting empty log query results

If your Kusto query returns empty no logs, please validate the following:

- You have the right workspace ID
- You are setting the correct time interval for the query. Try expanding the time interval for your query to see if that
  returns any results.

> - If your Kusto query also has a time interval, the query is evaluated for the intersection of the time interval in the
>   query string and the time interval set in the `QueryTimeInterval` param provided the query API. The intersection of
>   these time intervals may not have any logs. To avoid any confusion, it's recommended to remove any time interval in
>   the Kusto query string and use `QueryTimeInterval` explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your Kusto query also has a time interval, the query is evaluated for the intersection of the time interval in the query string and the time interval set in the `QueryTimeInterval` parameter provided to the query API. The intersection of these time intervals may not have any logs. To avoid any confusion, it's recommended to remove any time interval in the Kusto query string. Use `QueryTimeInterval` explicitly.
```

### Troubleshooting server timeouts when executing logs query request

Some complex Kusto queries can take a long time to complete and such queries are aborted by the
service if they run for more than 3 minutes. For such scenarios, the query APIs on `LogsQueryClient`, provide options to
configure the timeout on the server. The server timeout can be extended up to 10 minutes.

You may see an error as follows:

```text
Code: GatewayTimeout
Message: Gateway timeout
Inner error: {
    "code": "GatewayTimeout",
    "message": "Unable to unzip response"

> }

Author: Need to run a query in JS to get the exact error object.

Reviewer 2: Try this query - `"range x from 1 to n step 1 | count"` where n is a sufficiently large number that would result in server timeout. Note that the query result is cached and if you try to run it again with the same `n`, then you'll get a response immediately. So, try a different value for n if you see this happening.

```

> The following code shows a sample on how to set the server timeout to 10 minutes. Note that by setting this server
> timeout, the Azure Monitor Query library will automatically also extend the client timeout to wait for 10 minutes for
> the server to respond. You don't need to configure your HTTP client to extend the response timeout as shown in the
> previous section.

Reviewer: In addition to the change suggested below, link to the section instead of saying "previous section".
```suggestion
The following code shows a sample of setting the server timeout to 10 minutes. By setting this server timeout, the Azure Monitor Query library automatically extends the client timeout to wait for 10 minutes for the server to respond. You don't need to configure your HTTP client to extend the response timeout, as shown in the previous section.
```

```ts
import { DefaultAzureCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { LogsQueryClient } from "@azure/monitor-query";

const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
const logsQueryClient = new LogsQueryClient(credential);
const result = await logsQueryClient.queryWorkspace(
        monitorWorkspaceId,
        kustoQuery,
        { duration: Durations.oneHour },
        {serverTimeoutInSeconds: 600}
        );
```

### Troubleshooting partially successful logs query requests

By default, if the execution of a Kusto query resulted in a partially successful response, the Azure Monitor Query
client library will return the result of type `LogsQueryPartialResult` with the `status` field of `result` object set to `PartialFailure` to indicate to the user that the query was not fully successful. In case of multiple queries, when the results from all queries aren't successful, the `status` field of `result` object may be set to `Failure`.

> In case of single query, there can be only two possibilities for the value of `status` field of `result` object - `Success` or `PartialFailure`. You can access the details of the partially successful results by the following code snippet -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of single query, there can be only two possibilities for the value of `status` field of `result` object: `Success` or `PartialFailure`. You can access the details of the partially successful results with the following code snippet:
```

```ts
const result = await logsQueryClient.queryWorkspace(${azureLogAnalyticsWorkspaceId}, ${kustoQuery}, {
    duration: ${duration}
  });

  if (result.status === LogsQueryResultStatus.Success) {
    const tablesFromResult: LogsTable[] = result.tables;

    if (tablesFromResult.length === 0) {
      console.log(`No results for query '${kustoQuery}'`);
      return;
    }
    console.log(`This query has returned table(s) - `);
    processTables(tablesFromResult);
  } else {
    console.log(`Error processing the query '${kustoQuery}' - ${result.partialError}`);
    if (result.partialTables.length > 0) {
      console.log(`This query has also returned partial data in the following table(s) - `);
      processTables(result.partialTables);
    }
  }
```

> More details on the hierarchy of the response for single query can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-query-response)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For more details on the response hierarchy for single query, see [Handle logs query response](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-query-response).
```

> More details on the hierarchy of the response for single query can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/monitor-query-TS/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-query-response)

Author: ```suggestion
More details on the hierarchy of the response for single query can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-query-response)
```

> More details on the hierarchy of the response for single query can be found [here](https://github.com/KarishmaGhiya/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/monitor-query-TS/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-query-response)

Reviewer 2: Use the Azure org's link instead of your forked repo.

```suggestion
More details on the hierarchy of the response for single query can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/monitor-query-TS/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-query-response)
```

> In case of multiple queries, there can be three possibilities for the value of `status` field of `result` object - `Success`, `PartialFailure` or `Failure`. You can access the details of the partially successful results by the following code snippet -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of multiple queries, there are three possibilities for the value of `status` field of `result` object: `Success`, `PartialFailure`, or `Failure`. You can access the details of the partially successful results by the following code snippet:
```

```ts
async function processBatchResult(result: LogsQueryBatchResult) {
  let i = 0;
  for (const response of result) {
    console.log(`Results for query with query: ${queriesBatch[i]}`);
    if (response.status === LogsQueryResultStatus.Success) {
      console.log(
        `Printing results from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}' for '${queriesBatch[i].timespan}'`
      );
      processTables(response.tables);
    } else if (response.status === LogsQueryResultStatus.PartialFailure) {
      console.log(
        `Printing partial results from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}' for '${queriesBatch[i].timespan}'`
      );
      processTables(response.partialTables);
      console.log(
        ` Query had errors:${response.partialError.message} with code ${response.partialError.code}`
      );
    } else {
      console.log(`Printing errors from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}'`);
      console.log(` Query had errors:${response.message} with code ${response.code}`);
    }
    // next query
    i++;
  }
}
```

> More details on the hierarchy of the response for multiple queries can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-batch-query-response)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For more details on the response hierarchy for multiple queries, see can be found [Handle logs batch query response](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-batch-query-response).
```

> More details on the hierarchy of the response for multiple queries can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/monitor-query-TS/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-batch-query-response)

Author: ```suggestion
More details on the hierarchy of the response for multiple queries can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-batch-query-response)
```

> ## Troubleshooting Metrics Query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting metrics query
```

> More details on the hierarchy of the response for multiple queries can be found [here](https://github.com/KarishmaGhiya/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/monitor-query-TS/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-batch-query-response)

Reviewer 2: Use the `Azure` org's link instead of your forked repo.
```suggestion
More details on the hierarchy of the response for multiple queries can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/monitor-query-TS/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-batch-query-response)
```

### Troubleshooting insufficient access error for metrics query

> If you get an HTTP error with status code 403 (Forbidden), it means that the provided credentials does not have
> sufficient permissions to query the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get an HTTP error with status code 403 (Forbidden), the provided credentials lack sufficient permissions to query the workspace.
```

```text
"{"error":{"code":"AuthorizationFailed","message":"The client '71d56230-5920-4856-8f33-c030b269d870' with object id '71d56230-5920-4856-8f33-c030b269d870' does not have authorization to perform action 'microsoft.insights/metrics/read' over scope '/subscriptions/faa080af-c1d8-40ad-9cce-e1a450ca5b57/resourceGroups/srnagar-azuresdkgroup/providers/Microsoft.CognitiveServices/accounts/srnagara-textanalytics/providers/microsoft.insights' or the scope is invalid. If access was recently granted, please refresh your credentials."}}"
```

> 1. Check that the application or user that is making the request has sufficient permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check that the application or user making the request has sufficient permissions:
```

   - You can refer to this document to [manage access to workspaces](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/logs/manage-access#manage-access-using-workspace-permissions)

> 2. If the user or application is granted sufficient privileges to query the workspace, make sure you are
>    authenticating as that user/application. If you are authenticating using the
>    [DefaultAzureCredential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/identity/azure-identity/README.md#authenticating-with-defaultazurecredential)
>    then check the logs to verify that the credential used is the one you expected. To enable logging, see [enable
>    client logging](#enable-client-logging) section above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If the user or application is granted sufficient privileges to query the workspace, make sure you're authenticating as that user/application. If you're authenticating using the [DefaultAzureCredential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/identity/azure-identity/README.md#authenticating-with-defaultazurecredential), check the logs to verify that the credential used is the one you expected. To enable logging, see the [Enable client logging](#enable-client-logging) section.
```

### Troubleshooting unsupported granularity for metrics query

> If you notice the following exception, this is due to an invalid time granularity in the metrics query request. Your
> query might look something like the following where `MetricsQueryOptions().setGranularity()` is set to an unsupported
> duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you notice the following exception, this is due to an invalid time granularity in the metrics query request. Your query might look something like the following, where `MetricsQueryOptions().setGranularity()` is set to an unsupported duration.
```

    "headers": {
      "accept": "application/json",
      "accept-encoding": "gzip,deflate",
      "user-agent": "azsdk-js-monitor-query/1.0.0 azsdk-js-monitor-metrics/1.0.0 core-rest-pipeline/1.7.0 Node/v14.16.1 OS/(x64-Windows_NT-10.0.19044)",
      "x-ms-client-request-id": "684a29a9-b01d-41e8-8ba1-98b49a6d6577",
      "authorization": "REDACTED"
    },
    "method": "GET",
    "timeout": 0,
    "disableKeepAlive": false,
    "streamResponseStatusCodes": {},
    "withCredentials": false,
    "requestId": "684a29a9-b01d-41e8-8ba1-98b49a6d6577",
    "allowInsecureConnection": false,
    "enableBrowserStreams": false
  },
  "details": {
    "code": "BadRequest",
    "message": "Invalid time grain duration: PT2M, supported ones are: PT1M,PT5M,PT15M,PT30M,PT1H,PT6H,PT12H,P1D,"
  },
  "message": "Invalid time grain duration: PT2M, supported ones are: PT1M,PT5M,PT15M,PT30M,PT1H,PT6H,PT12H,P1D,"
}
```

> As documented in the error message, the supported granularity for metrics queries are 1 minute, 5 minutes, 15 minutes,
> 30 minutes, 1 hour, 6 hours, 12 hours and 1 day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As documented in the error message, the supported metrics query granularities are 1 minute, 5 minutes, 15 minutes, 30 minutes, 1 hour, 6 hours, 12 hours, and 1 day.
```

```ts
import { setLogLevel } from "@azure/logger";

setLogLevel("info");
```

**NOTE**: When logging the body of request and response, ensure that they don't contain confidential information. We already sanitize headers like 'Authorization' that contain secrets.

For detailed instructions on how to enable logs, see the [@azure/logger package docs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/core/logger).

### Authentication errors

Azure Monitor Query supports Azure Active Directory authentication. Both `logsQueryClient` and `metricsQueryClient` have methods to set the `credential`. To provide a valid credential, you can use the `@azure/identity` dependency. For more details on getting started, refer to the [README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#create-the-client) of Azure Monitor Query library. You can also refer to the [Azure Identity documentation](https://aka.ms/azsdk/js/identity/troubleshoot) for more details on the various credential types supported in `@azure/identity`.

## Logs query

### Insufficient access error for logs query

> If you get an HTTP error with status code 403 (Forbidden), it means the provided credentials lack sufficient permissions to query the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get an HTTP error with status code 403 (Forbidden), the provided credentials lack sufficient permissions to query the workspace.
```

      "user-agent": "azsdk-js-monitor-query/1.0.0 azsdk-js-monitor-log-query/1.0.0 core-rest-pipeline/1.7.0 Node/v14.16.1 OS/(x64-Windows_NT-10.0.19044)",
      "x-ms-client-request-id": "6b3ee80a-c21d-4ecf-ba62-59c6ab970c83",
      "authorization": "REDACTED",
      "content-length": "157"
    },
    "method": "POST",
    "timeout": 0,
    "disableKeepAlive": false,
    "streamResponseStatusCodes": {},
    "withCredentials": false,
    "requestId": "6b3ee80a-c21d-4ecf-ba62-59c6ab970c83",
    "allowInsecureConnection": false,
    "enableBrowserStreams": false
  },
  "details": {
    "error": {
      "code": "BadArgumentError",
      "message": "The request had some invalid properties",
      "innerError": {
        "code": "SyntaxError",
        "message": "A recognition error occurred in the query.",
        "innerError": {
          "code": "SYN0002",
          "message": "Query could not be parsed at 'string' on line [1,4]",
          "line": 1,
          "pos": 4,
          "token": "string"
        }
      },
      "correlationId": "611dc354-bb4e-442f-955c-7b9469ca7f84"
    }
  },
  "message": "The request had some invalid properties"
}
```

> The error message may include the line number and position where the Kusto query has an error (line 2, position 244
> in the above example). You may also refer to the [Kusto Query Language](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-explorer/kusto/query) reference docs to learn more about querying logs using KQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error message may include the line number and position where the Kusto query has an error (line 2, position 244 in the above example). You may also refer to the [Kusto Query Language](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-explorer/kusto/query) reference docs to learn more about querying logs using KQL.
```

    "enableBrowserStreams": false
  },
  "details": {
    "error": {
      "code": "GatewayTimeout",
      "message": "Gateway timeout",
      "innerError": {
        "code": "GatewayTimeout",
        "message": "Kusto query timed out"
      },
      "correlationId": "2572d63e-99ae-4d3c-92d0-032ba7651ed3"
    }
  },
  "message": "Gateway timeout"
}

```

The following code shows a sample of setting the server timeout to 10 minutes. By setting this server timeout, the Azure Monitor Query library automatically extends the client timeout to wait for 10 minutes for the server to respond. You don't need to configure your HTTP client to extend the response timeout, as shown in the previous section.

```ts
import { DefaultAzureCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { LogsQueryClient } from "@azure/monitor-query";

const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
const logsQueryClient = new LogsQueryClient(credential);
const result = await logsQueryClient.queryWorkspace(
        monitorWorkspaceId,
        kustoQuery,
        { duration: Durations.oneHour },
        {serverTimeoutInSeconds: 600}
        );
```

### Partially successful logs query requests

> By default, if the execution of a Kusto query resulted in a partially successful response, the Azure Monitor Query
> client library will return the result of type `LogsQueryPartialResult` with the `status` field of `result` object set to `PartialFailure` to indicate to the user that the query was not fully successful. In case of multiple queries, when the results from all queries aren't successful, the `status` field of `result` object may be set to `Failure`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, if the execution of a Kusto query resulted in a partially successful response, the Azure Monitor Query client library will return the result of type `LogsQueryPartialResult` with the `status` field of `result` object set to `PartialFailure` to indicate to the user that the query was not fully successful. In case of multiple queries, when the results from all queries aren't successful, the `status` field of `result` object may be set to `Failure`.
```

```ts
async function processBatchResult(result: LogsQueryBatchResult) {
  let i = 0;
  for (const response of result) {
    console.log(`Results for query with query: ${queriesBatch[i]}`);
    if (response.status === LogsQueryResultStatus.Success) {
      console.log(
        `Printing results from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}' for '${queriesBatch[i].timespan}'`
      );
      processTables(response.tables);
    } else if (response.status === LogsQueryResultStatus.PartialFailure) {
      console.log(
        `Printing partial results from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}' for '${queriesBatch[i].timespan}'`
      );
      processTables(response.partialTables);
      console.log(
        ` Query had errors:${response.partialError.message} with code ${response.partialError.code}`
      );
    } else {
      console.log(`Printing errors from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}'`);
      console.log(` Query had errors:${response.message} with code ${response.code}`);
    }
    // next query
    i++;
  }
}
```

> For more details on the response hierarchy for multiple queries, see can be found [Handle logs batch query response](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-batch-query-response).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on the response hierarchy for multiple queries, see [Handle logs batch query response](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#handle-logs-batch-query-response).
```

    "headers": {
      "accept": "application/json",
      "accept-encoding": "gzip,deflate",
      "user-agent": "azsdk-js-monitor-query/1.0.0 azsdk-js-monitor-metrics/1.0.0 core-rest-pipeline/1.7.0 Node/v14.16.1 OS/(x64-Windows_NT-10.0.19044)",
      "x-ms-client-request-id": "684a29a9-b01d-41e8-8ba1-98b49a6d6577",
      "authorization": "REDACTED"
    },
    "method": "GET",
    "timeout": 0,
    "disableKeepAlive": false,
    "streamResponseStatusCodes": {},
    "withCredentials": false,
    "requestId": "684a29a9-b01d-41e8-8ba1-98b49a6d6577",
    "allowInsecureConnection": false,
    "enableBrowserStreams": false
  },
  "details": {
    "code": "BadRequest",
    "message": "Invalid time grain duration: PT2M, supported ones are: PT1M,PT5M,PT15M,PT30M,PT1H,PT6H,PT12H,P1D,"
  },
  "message": "Invalid time grain duration: PT2M, supported ones are: PT1M,PT5M,PT15M,PT30M,PT1H,PT6H,PT12H,P1D,"
}
```

> As documented in the error message, the supported metrics query granularities are 1 minute, 5 minutes, 15 minutes, 30 minutes, 1 hour, 6 hours, 12 hours, and 1 day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As documented in the error message, the supported metrics query granularities are:

- 1 minute
- 5 minutes
- 15 minutes
- 30 minutes
- 1 hour
- 6 hours
- 12 hours
- 1 day
```

# Troubleshooting Azure Monitor Query client library issues

This troubleshooting guide contains instructions to diagnose frequently encountered issues while using the Azure Monitor Query client library for JavaScript.

## Table of contents

- [General troubleshooting](#general-troubleshooting)
  - [Enable client logging](#enable-client-logging)
  - [Troubleshooting authentication issues with logs and metrics query requests](#authentication-errors)
- [Troubleshooting logs query](#troubleshooting-logs-query)

>   - [Troubleshooting insufficient access error](#troubleshooting-insufficient-access-error-for-logs-query)

Reviewer 3: I'm torn because I love that the links all make sense on their own (for tabbing between them directly / accessibility purposes), but the word `Troubleshooting` starts to melt my eyeballs by the end of the TOC. Could we maybe omit it for the sub-bullets?

Author: updated

  - [Troubleshooting invalid Kusto query](#troubleshooting-invalid-kusto-query)
  - [Troubleshooting empty log query results](#troubleshooting-empty-log-query-results)
  - [Troubleshooting server timeouts when executing logs query request](#troubleshooting-server-timeouts-when-executing-logs-query-request)
  - [Troubleshooting partially successful logs query requests](#troubleshooting-partially-successful-logs-query-requests)
- [Troubleshooting metrics query](#troubleshooting-metrics-query)
  - [Troubleshooting authorization failed error](#troubleshooting-authorization-failed-error-for-metrics-query)
  - [Troubleshooting unsupported granularity](#troubleshooting-unsupported-granularity-for-metrics-query)

## General troubleshooting

### Enable client logging

> To troubleshoot issues with Azure Monitor Query library, it's important to first enable logging to monitor the behavior of the application. The errors and warnings in the logs generally provide useful insights into what went wrong and sometimes include corrective actions to fix issues.

Reviewer 4: Maybe we should just link back to the logging section in the README or will that be replaced with this? https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/monitor/monitor-query#logging

Reviewer 4: I feel like this is generic enough that we can just link to https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/core/logger/README.md or something instead of repeating it here what do you think?

Author: I was thinking the same initially. But other languages (Python and Java) added [code snippets](https://github.com/rakshith91/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/dc61bb5382e9309687bc54aed4d2101951092514/sdk/monitor/azure-monitor-query/TROUBLESHOOTING.md#enable-client-logging). Due to this, I added it too, just to be consistent. 

Should we remove the code snippets from all languages and just point to the logger documentation? @scottaddie

The Azure client libraries for JavaScript allow you to enable logging either through the environment variable or at runtime.

The following log levels are supported. They're listed from most to least verbose.

- verbose
- info
- warning
- error

When setting a log level, either programmatically or via the `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable, any logs that are written using a log level equal to or less than the one you choose will be emitted. For example, setting the log level to `warning` will cause all logs that have the log level `warning` or `error` to be emitted.

#### Logging via environment variable

To see a log of HTTP requests and responses, set the `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable to `info`.

Add the following to the .env
```text
AZURE_LOG_LEVEL = info
```

Add the following to the code 
```ts
import * as dotenv from "dotenv";
dotenv.config({ path: ".env" });
```

#### Logging using setLogLevel

Alternatively, logging can be enabled at runtime by calling `setLogLevel` in the `@azure/logger`:

```ts
import { setLogLevel } from "@azure/logger";

setLogLevel("info");
```

> **NOTE**: When logging the body of request and response, ensure that they don't contain confidential information.

Reviewer 3: maybe in this note we should mention we already sanitize headers like 'Authorization' that contain secrets, and a link to the list of which headers are actually logged?

Author: @xirzec Do you know where is the list of headers that are logged listed? I couldn't find them under logger readme - https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/core/logger Also I was thinking if i should update the logger readme with that info instead?

For detailed instructions on how to enable logs, see the [@azure/logger package docs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/core/logger).

### Authentication errors

Azure Monitor Query supports Azure Active Directory authentication. Both `logsQueryClient` and `metricsQueryClient` have methods to set the `credential`. To provide a valid credential, you can use the `@azure/identity` dependency. For more details on getting started, refer to the [README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md#create-the-client) of Azure Monitor Query library. You can also refer to the [Azure Identity documentation](https://aka.ms/azsdk/js/identity/troubleshoot) for more details on the various credential types supported in `@azure/identity`.

## Troubleshooting logs query

### Troubleshooting insufficient access error for logs query

If you get an HTTP error with status code 403 (Forbidden), it means the provided credentials lack sufficient permissions to query the workspace.

```json
 {
  "name": "RestError",
  "code": "InsufficientAccessError",
  "statusCode": 403,
  "request": {

>     "url": "https://api.loganalytics.io/v1/workspaces/08e1f3a5-9cf2-47a4-94b6-285bf25dc4be/query",

Reviewer 3: do we have to worry about the unique id of the workspace being public here?

Reviewer: Good point. Let's use a placeholder like `<workspace_id>` instead of the actual value.

Author: updated

  "statusCode": 504,
  "request": {
    "url": "https://api.loganalytics.io/v1/workspaces/598029db-4756-4768-87f3-d6d45ed0ebd7/query",
    "headers": {
      "content-type": "application/json",
      "accept": "application/json",
      "prefer": "REDACTED",
      "accept-encoding": "gzip,deflate",
      "user-agent": "azsdk-js-monitor-query/1.0.1 azsdk-js-monitor-log-query/1.0.1 core-rest-pipeline/1.7.0 Node/v14.16.1 OS/(x64-Windows_NT-10.0.19044)",
      "x-ms-client-request-id": "b3269277-18d7-4971-9eb8-4a2259bc8576",
      "authorization": "REDACTED",
      "content-length": "76"
    },
    "method": "POST",
    "timeout": 0,
    "disableKeepAlive": false,
    "streamResponseStatusCodes": {},
    "withCredentials": false,
    "requestId": "b3269277-18d7-4971-9eb8-4a2259bc8576",
    "allowInsecureConnection": false,
    "enableBrowserStreams": false
  },
  "details": {
    "error": {
      "code": "GatewayTimeout",
      "message": "Gateway timeout",
      "innerError": {
        "code": "GatewayTimeout",
        "message": "Kusto query timed out"
      },
      "correlationId": "2572d63e-99ae-4d3c-92d0-032ba7651ed3"
    }
  },
  "message": "Gateway timeout"
}

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8968058/161323749-3b8810a3-85a3-4f47-9527-283c27b8b396.png)

Author: ```suggestion
```

    "requestId": "66dbf2ce-390c-4f9a-ae7f-a5ee3869ab8d",
    "allowInsecureConnection": false,
    "enableBrowserStreams": false
  },
  "details": {
    "error": {
      "code": "AuthorizationFailed",
      "message": "The client 'c7074f99-78cc-49d5-8973-5f61b5fdf2f0' with object id 'c7074f99-78cc-49d5-8973-5f61b5fdf2f0' does not have authorization to perform action 'Microsoft.Insights/metricDefinitions/read' over scope '/subscriptions/2cd617ea-1866-46b1-90e3-fffb087ebf9b/resourceGroups/metrics-advisor/providers/Microsoft.CognitiveServices/accounts/js-metrics-advisor/providers/Microsoft.Insights' or the scope is invalid. If access was recently granted, please refresh your credentials."
    }
  },
  "message": "The client 'c7074f99-78cc-49d5-8973-5f61b5fdf2f0' with object id 'c7074f99-78cc-49d5-8973-5f61b5fdf2f0' does not have authorization to perform action 'Microsoft.Insights/metricDefinitions/read' over scope '/subscriptions/2cd617ea-1866-46b1-90e3-fffb087ebf9b/resourceGroups/metrics-advisor/providers/Microsoft.CognitiveServices/accounts/js-metrics-advisor/providers/Microsoft.Insights' or the scope is invalid. If access was recently granted, please refresh your credentials."

> }![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8968058/161322403-a02f8e08-322c-43ef-899b-081e316253b7.png)

Author: ```suggestion
}
```

  - [Troubleshooting unsupported granularity](#troubleshooting-unsupported-granularity-for-metrics-query)

## General troubleshooting

### Enable client logging

To troubleshoot issues with Azure Monitor Query library, it's important to first enable logging to monitor the behavior of the application. The errors and warnings in the logs generally provide useful insights into what went wrong and sometimes include corrective actions to fix issues.

The Azure client libraries for JavaScript allow you to enable logging either through the environment variable or at runtime.

The following log levels are supported. They're listed from most to least verbose.

- verbose
- info
- warning
- error

When setting a log level, either programmatically or via the `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable, any logs that are written using a log level equal to or less than the one you choose will be emitted. For example, setting the log level to `warning` will cause all logs that have the log level `warning` or `error` to be emitted.

#### Logging via environment variable

To see a log of HTTP requests and responses, set the `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable to `info`.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
Add the following to the .env
```text
AZURE_LOG_LEVEL = info
```
```
